include include/asm-generic/Kbuild.asm

header-y += auxvec.h
header-y += ioctls.h
header-y += sembuf.h
header-y += siginfo.h
header-y += stat.h
header-y += errno.h
header-y += ipcbuf.h
header-y += msgbuf.h
header-y += shmbuf.h
header-y += socket.h
header-y += termbits.h
header-y += fcntl.h
header-y += poll.h
header-y += sockios.h
header-y += ucontext.h
header-y += ioctl.h
header-y += linkage.h
header-y += resource.h
header-y += sigcontext.h
header-y += statfs.h
header-y += ps3fb.h

unifdef-y += bootx.h
unifdef-y += byteorder.h
unifdef-y += cputable.h
unifdef-y += elf.h
unifdef-y += nvram.h
unifdef-y += param.h
unifdef-y += posix_types.h
unifdef-y += seccomp.h
unifdef-y += signal.h
unifdef-y += spu_info.h
unifdef-y += termios.h
unifdef-y += types.h
unifdef-y += unistd.h
generic-y += clkdev.h
generic-y += div64.h
generic-y += export.h
generic-y += irq_regs.h
generic-y += irq_work.h
generic-y += local64.h
generic-y += mcs_spinlock.h
generic-y += preempt.h
generic-y += rwsem.h
generic-y += vtime.h
generic-y += msi.h
